fix: setting .env variables on subservice (#88)
telefonicaid/fiware-device-simulator: doc/manuals/simulation-configuration-file.md

The simulation configuration file may use an `.env` file to set configuration in the form of environment variables. This can be used to avoid setting
sensitive information, and be executed in whatever environment, having different configurations and not been needed to change anything on code.

> It is important to know that, to use environmet variables is neccessary to create an .env file with all the environment variables that the simulation file will use at the same directory root, having a result as next:

Reviewer: Maybe simpler this way:

```suggestion
Note that the `.env` file used in a given simulation file is the one that is located in the same directory where the simulation file is. For instance:
```

``` tree
├── electricvehicle         # Subservice directory (simulation has to have the same configuration)

> │   ├── .env.json           # Environment variables (just for this directory and all the inner simulation)
> │   ├── simulation1.json    # simulation1.json tests
> │   └── simulation2.json    # simulation2.json tests
> │   └── ...
> ├── bathwaters              # Subservice directory (simulation has to have the same configuration)
> │   ├── .env.json           # Environment variables (just for this directory and all the inner simulation)
> │   ├── simulation1.json    # simulation1.json tests
> │   └── simulation2.json    # simulation2.json tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── .env                # Environment variables (just for this directory and all the inner simulation)
│   ├── simulation1.json    # simulation1.json tests
│   └── simulation2.json    # simulation2.json tests
│   └── ...
├── bathwaters              # Subservice directory (simulation has to have the same configuration)
│   ├── .env                # Environment variables (just for this directory and all the inner simulation)
│   ├── simulation1.json    # simulation1.json tests
│   └── simulation2.json    # simulation2.json tests
```

Unsure, but I'd say that's the right name
